Khalil/1895 Add config package unit test (#4523)
onflow/flow-go: config/README.md

## config 
config is a package to hold all configuration values for each Flow component. This package centralizes configuration management providing access 
to the entire FlowConfig and utilities to add a new config value, corresponding CLI flag, and validation.

### Package structure

> The root config package contains the FlowConfig struct and the default config file [default-config.yml](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/default-config.yml). The default-config.yml file is the default configuration that is loaded when the config package is initialize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root config package contains the FlowConfig struct and the default config file [default-config.yml](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/default-config.yml). The `default-config.yml` file is the default configuration that is loaded when the config package is initialize.
```

The default-config is a snapshot of all the configuration values defined for Flow.
Each subpackage contains configuration structs and utilities for components and their related subcomponents. These packages also contain the CLI flags for each configuration value. The [network](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/tree/master/config/network) package
is a good example of this pattern. The network component is a large component made of many other large components and subcomponents. Each configuration 
struct is defined for all of these network related components in the network subpackage and CLI flags. 

### Overriding default values
The entire default config can be overridden using the `--config-file` CLI flag. When set the config package will attempt to parse the specified config file and override all the values 
defined. A single default value can be overridden by setting the CLI flag for that specific config. For example `--network-connection-pruning=false` will override the default network connection pruning 
config to false.

> 

Author: https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/pull/4523/commits/0a45b35465be5f6c6df9f5ec769a4af5c3491ec3

### Adding a new config value
Adding a new config to the FlowConfig can be done in a few easy steps.

> 1. Create a new subpackage for the config value. This package will define the configuration structs and CLI flags for overriding.

Author: https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/pull/4523/commits/b5a03a2f7bf42ff057f9ddf09549b2fb709da584

    ```shell
    mkdir example_config 
    ```
2. Add a new CLI flag for the config value. 
    ```go
    const workersCLIFlag = "app-workers"
    flags.String(workersCLIFlag, 1, "number of app workers")
    ```

>     The network package can be used as a good example of how to structure CLI flag initialization. All flags are initialized in a single function [InitializeNetworkFlags](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/network/flags.go#L80), this function is then used to during flag initialization 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The network package can be used as a good example of how to structure CLI flag initialization. All flags are initialized in a single function [InitializeNetworkFlags](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/network/flags.go#L80), this function is then used during flag initialization 
```

    of the [config package](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/base_flags.go#L22).
3. Add the config as a new field to an existing configuration struct or create a new one. Each configuration struct must be a field on the FlowConfig struct so that it is unmarshalled during configuration initialization.
    Each field on a configuration struct must contain the following field tags.
   1. `validate` - validate tag is used to perform validation on field structs using the [validator](https://github.com/go-playground/validator) package.
   2. `mapstructure` - mapstructure tag is used for unmarshalling and must match the CLI flag name defined in step or else the field will not be set when the config is unmarshalled.
   ```go
        type MyComponentConfig struct {

>             AppWorkers int `validate:"gt=0" mapstructure:"app-workers"`

Author: https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/pull/4523/commits/d3c57ba34bddb7818eed52680b1d964c6f5bb7a3

        }
    ```
   It's important to make sure that the CLI flag name matches the mapstructure field tag to avoid parsing errors.

> 4. Add the new config and a default value to the default-config.yml file. Ensure that the new property added matches the configuration struct structure for the subpackage the config belongs to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Add the new config and a default value to the `default-config.yml` file. Ensure that the new property added matches the configuration struct structure for the subpackage the config belongs to.
```

    must match the mapstructure field tag for the struct when added to the FlowConfig.
    ```go
    // FlowConfig Flow configuration.
    type FlowConfig struct {
        ConfigFile    string          `validate:"filepath" mapstructure:"config-file"`
        NetworkConfig *network.Config `mapstructure:"network-config"`
        MyComponentConfig *mypackage.MyComponentConfig `mapstructure:"my-component"`
    }
    ```

### Nested structs
In an effort to keep the configuration yaml structure readable some configuration will be in nested properties. When this is the case the mapstructure `squash` tag can be used so that the corresponding nested struct will be 
flattened before the configuration is unmarshalled. This is used in the network package which is a collection of configuration structs nested on the network.Config struct. 
```go
type Config struct {
    // UnicastRateLimitersConfig configuration for all unicast rate limiters.
    UnicastRateLimitersConfig `mapstructure:",squash"`
    ...
}
```

> UnicastRateLimitersConfig is a nested struct that defines configuration for unicast rate limiter component. In our configuration yaml structure you will see that all network configs are defined under the network-config property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`UnicastRateLimitersConfig` is a nested struct that defines configuration for unicast rate limiter component. In our configuration yaml structure you will see that all network configs are defined under the `network-config` property.
```

### Setting Aliases
Most configs will not be defined on the top layer FlowConfig but instead be defined on nested structs and in nested properties of the configuration yaml. When the default config is initially loaded the underlying config [viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper) store will store 

> each configuration with a key that is prefixed which each parent property. For example because network-connection-pruning is found on the network-config property of the configuration yaml the key used by the config store to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each configuration with a key that is prefixed with each parent property. For example, because `network-connection-pruning` is found on the `network-config` property of the configuration yaml, the key used by the config store to 
```

> store this config value will be prefixed with network -> network.network-connection-pruning. Later in the config process we bind the underlying config store with our pflag set, this allows us to override default values using CLI flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
store this config value will be prefixed with `network` e.g.
```network.network-connection-pruning```

Later in the config process we bind the underlying config store with our pflag set, this allows us to override default values using CLI flags.
```

> At this time the underlying config store would have 2 separate keys network-connection-pruning and network.network-connection-pruning for the same configuration value. This is because we don't use the network prefix for the CLI flags
> used to override network configs. Because of this an alias must be set from network.network-connection-pruning -> network-connection-pruning so that they both point to the value loaded from the CLI flag. See [SetAliases](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/network/config.go#L84) in the network package for a reference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time the underlying config store would have 2 separate keys `network-connection-pruning` and `network.network-connection-pruning` for the same configuration value. This is because we don't use the network prefix for the CLI flags
used to override network configs. As a result, an alias must be set from `network.network-connection-pruning` -> `network-connection-pruning` so that they both point to the value loaded from the CLI flag. See [SetAliases](https://github.com/onflow/flow-go/blob/master/config/network/config.go#L84) in the network package for a reference. 
```
